# Kenvue-MGTC28
## Project Plan
While looking at the data and files provided by Kenvue, the Total Sales CSV file was in the exact format we wanted to view and read the information. Based on this, we will transform the other CSV files into a similar format. More specifically, we will be transforming everything in Jupyter Notebook into the long format as the Total Sales CSV file, including converting from a wide format to a long format, replacing long columns, and adding new columns such as the seasons based on the fiscal weeks beginning in January. The seasonal data begins in fiscal Week 1 and follows a four, four, five week pattern. Additionally, the CSV file Customer DC Inventory was separated into two different data sets to differentiate between the Distribution Centre Data and the Store Amount Data. With the transformation complete, we will be using tools such as PowerBI to visualize the initial data and use JupyterNotebook to do a regression analysis. In the meantime, we will be using other resources, such as the UofT library, the Internet, Statista, and web scraping competitor information from Shoppers Drug Mart and Walmart. This will provide additional information regarding external business data. This information will be leveraged to create deeper insights into the Need States provided. We are keeping various options in mind when drawing comparisons, including but not limited to seasonality, pricing, and social media. With these tools and information, the aim is to draw potential insights that will inform future projections, opportunities, and pain points in the near future for the specific Need States we identify.

As for the distribution of tasks, we believe each of our strengths combined will create efficient and thus effective results. Prit will be taking the lead on the transformation of the data, while Ryan and Nidhi will be leading the data analysis, potential predictions of the Need States, and the presentation format. Specifically, Ryan and Nidhi will be web scraping to compare to Prit’s PowerBI Dashboard created based on the Kenvue data. The team will work together to compare and contrast the data. We will be continuously collaborating with one another to ensure all group members are aware of all aspects of the project. The technologies we plan to use as a whole include Seaborn, PANDAS, Python, Jupyter Notebook, Numpy, MatPlotLib, Stackoverflow, PowerBI, and Scipy.

At the end of this project, we will analyze patterns in the data to identify the Need States and provide an analysis based on the seasonal, retailer, and consumer buying variations.
